predict stock price using Neural Network.

In this Dataset, Bitcoin(stock name) USD values from 1st Jan, 2017 to 15th Nov, 2019 downloaded from yahoo finance having one day resolution. It can be used to check simple time-series forecasting models.
This dataset contains 1049 rows and 7 features including Date, Open, High, Low, Close, Adj Close and Volume

Stock price forecasting is one of the most challenging tasks in financial decision-making because stock prices are inherently noisy and non-stationary and have been observed to have a random-walk characteristic.
Accurate stock price predictions can yield significant profits and therefore econometric and statistical approaches including linear/non-linear methods.

Time-series forecasting means predicting future values in time. Developing a forecasting model depends on the forecasting horizon. Very short-term forecasting would typically involve predicting the value at the 
next minute or hour, short-term forecasting has a horizon of days or weeks, long-term forecasting is done for months or a year or two, and we also have very-long term forecasting that could easily have a 
horizon of up to a few decades.
Here, we will build a simple Deep Learning based very-short-term Time-series forecaster, that will predict the stock prices of Bitcoin.

Steps:
1. Import required packages
2. Load the data from csv.
3. Plot the Time-series to view the Trend
4. Use stattools.acf (acf for autocorrelation function) to plot the autocorrelation with 50 past time-instants (lags).
    For example the ACF for a time series is given by:
    Corr=(yt,yt−k) 
    This value of k is the time gap being considered and is called the lag. A lag 1 autocorrelation (i.e., k = 1 in the above) is the correlation between values that are one time period apart.
    More generally, a lag k autocorrelation is the correlation between values that are k time periods apart.
5. From the arrived plot observe after what time instants (lags) the correlation value is less than 0.9, correlation is a way to measure the strength of association between any two variables. 
   As the correlation value approaches 1, it indicates high positive association. Correlation near 0 indicates almost no association at all. So, ignore time instants (lags) having a correlation value less than 0.9
   Based om the observed value, set the lag.
6. Create dataset with 15 lags for training.
